7 Best Resorts in Cebu.
Unwind in the beauty and relaxation that the beach resorts in Cebu have to give you. These top 7 resorts in Cebu are for you to choose from!
Cebu is always ahead in the list of desired places to visit in the Philippines. Truly, this tropical island has a lot to offer, whether you’re off for a romantic vacation, family trip, or an all-inclusive holiday. 

Thus, the Queen City of the South will welcome you whole year round.

Further, Cebu is really a pleasurable destination that will draw you for various reasons – from scrumptious foods to remarkable pristine beaches. 

This wonderful place is a long and narrow island that has countless coves and enticing white sand beaches.

Moreover, resorts in Cebu offer best facilities and amenities to make your stay worthwhile. If you are looking for vacation spots and places to stay in, resorts in Cebu can definitely arrange the perfect one for you. 

More than 200 guests’ reviews and recommendations are bases for the top 7 resorts in Cebu list. Therefore, this is a more reliable listing for 2018 than most articles you can grasp.

Here’s a list of the top resorts in Cebu in 2018:
Shangri-la’s Mactan Resort and Spa
Plantation Bay Resort and Spa
Kandaya Resort
Mangodlong Paradise Beach Resort
Bluewater Sumilon Island Resort
Movenpick Hotel Mactan Island
JPark Island Resort and Waterpark
1. Shangri-la’s Mactan Resort and Spa
Resorts in Cebu Shangrila
Shangri-la is a five-star hotel that is just a 15-minute drive from Mactan Cebu International Airport. It is in Punta Engaño Road, Lapu-Lapu. 

There are world class amenities in this resort. It has a spa, a really large pool (designed for any age group), playhouse, activities in the sea (snorkeling, diving, feeding of fish, etc.).  

Moreover, the restaurant serves great dish. Plus, let us not forget the beach…It has white sands and has diverse marine life. You will enjoy snorkeling there as corals and fishes are numerous and radiant.

This is a perfect get-away for family or lovers enjoying their honeymoon. With all this resort has to offer, it may be more pricey than the other resorts in Cebu. It costs P 13, 000 to P 31, 000 depending on the season. 

However, there are times the resort provides great deals…You may want to watch for it.

2. Plantation Bay Resort and Spa
Resorts in Cebu Plantation bay
Plantation Bay resort is where pool & beach waters and many recreational activities abound in a resort. 

It is in Marigondon, Mactan Island, Lapu-Lapu City. This is also in Mactan where the airport is at. Further, the resort offers free airport transfers. 

Therefore, if you plan on a vacation that does not consume much traveling time to and fro from the airport, Plantation Bay Resort and Spa may be your spot. And, you will not regret spending your leisure time here. 

If you are a water lover, this resort has so many pools. As a matter of fact, there are villas where pool is just under them. You can jump right off from your room! And, the beach is glamorous.

The Spanish colonial plantation style of the place makes it unique from other resorts in Cebu. You will feel like a “haciendero”(one who owns a hacienda or plantation). 

Other fun activities your family and friends can enjoy there are rock climbing, archery, go-carts, and diving. Room accommodation ranges from P 9, 000 to P 25, 000.

3. Kandaya Resort
Resorts in Cebu Kandaya
Kandaya Resort is a 14-hectare resort-plantation in the Northern Cebu. It is in Barangay Agujo, Daanbantayan, Cebu. This is a four to five hour drive from Cebu City. 

However, it is definitely worth it because it is one of the best resorts in Cebu! 

If you need a van with driver to transport you there, you may contact Travel Cebu. The pool and beach are right in front of the hotel. Just like the beautiful beaches of Cebu, the turquoise blue beach is very alluring. 

Moreover, the restaurant, Kusina, serves native Filipino cuisine as well as western cuisine. The laid back tropic feel of the Philippines inspires the design and furniture of the resort.

Moreover, the rooms’ interior is modern. Also, the resort provides a horse backriding activity. Surely, the horse could walk you through the wide plantation.

Since the amenities and services are topnotch, the cost may also be a bit lofty, ranging rom P 10, 000 to P 20, 000.

4. Mangodlong Paradise Beach Resort
Resorts in Cebu Mangodlong
Mangodlong Paradise is a remote paradise packed in a resort in Camotes Island. It is in Mangodlong, Heminsulan, San Francisco, Camotes. If you wish to experience riding a ship to cross to one of Cebu’s beautiful islands, then you can stay at this resort. 

Moreover, being in an island would give much time away from many people. If you happen to book in Mangodlong Paradise Beach Resort in days where there are not many guests, you will truly enjoy the calmness it offers. 

The beach is breathtaking, with its white sands and blue waters. The area is covered in palm trees. And, the infinity pool is just cool. 

You will have a classy Instagram-worthy photo in there. During sunset, the resort will have a romantic mood, with its music and dim lights. There are mini bars good for drinking with buddies.

In addition, Camotes Island has so many tourist attractions you can take pleasure in for very affordable fees. 

If you check in at this resort, visit other spots too, like Mangodlong Rock, Santiago Bay, Tulang Diyot, Lake Danao, Paradise Cave and Timubo Cave. The price range of this wonderful resort is P 3,000 to P 8,000.

5. Bluewater Sumilon Island Resort
Resorts in Cebu Sumilon Bluewater
Sumilon Bluewater is an exquisite resort in Sumilon Island in the Southern part of Cebu.  It is in Oslob, Cebu where the famous Whale Sharks are. It’s a picturesque Island with turquoise water where guests can relish the famous Sandbar. 

Most guests takes advantage of the day tour where they can do lots of activities such as snorkeling, hiking, fishing, paddling and many more. There are also Lunch and Drinks in the Sumilon Island Day Tour Package.

Moreover, the accommodating staff can also set up a romantic private dinner by the lagoon or sandbar. A personal attendant can serve your meal that is aphrodisiac in nature. 

They can also set up a bonfire to elevate the ambiance or for camping needs. They also provide wonderful spa treatments that would make you feel relaxed. The lowest possible rate for their room is P 7, 000.

6. Movenpick Hotel Mactan Island
Resorts in Cebu Movenpick
Movenpick Hotel is another sought-after beach resort that is just a 10-minute travel by car from Mactan Cebu International Airport. Specifically, it is in Cebu Watersports Complex, Lapu-Lapu City. 

This resort is where the famous Ibiza Beach Club is at. You can have a vital night activity in this resort. During night time, their kiddie pools which have lounge chars in them are truly a delight. 

Moreover, the hotel has a very relaxing ambiance. There are a lot of benches in front of the clear waters. You can chill there, probably read a book or sip your cold drink.

Movenpick, just like the other top resorts in Cebu, provides fun-filled activities such as snorkeling, diving, and parasailing. 

The underwater creatures and corals are enchanting to watch. The resort accommodation costs as low as P 9, 000.

7. JPark Island Resort and Waterpark
Jpark Resort in Cebu
Image source

Jpark Resort is a huge 5 star luxury Island Resort and Waterpark in Mactan Cebu. The resort features 6 swimming pools, 3 water-slide and its own private beach front that is perfect for an incredible family getaway. 

JPark Island Resort and Waterpark perhaps is one of the best waterparks in Cebu. Formerly Imperial Palace Waterpark Resort and Spa, the name has now sounded family friendly. 

The obvious highlight of JPark Island Resort is its waterpark, consisting of wave pools, water slides, and other fun activities for adults and children to enjoy.

Uncovering the impeccable balance of refined sensibilities and vibrant sun, sea, and sky fun, this 5-star leisure destination offers everything for the sophisticated traveler’s satisfaction. 

Guests can dive into the cool waters of its beautiful blue swimming pool, relax on the cabanas or sit by the pool’s bar with one of the amazing cocktails. 

JPark Cebu can also accommodate special events such as weddings, birthday, anniversary, and other special occasions with great packages to make your event unforgettable. 

They also have 9 restaurants and bars that offer splendid food to satisfy your hunger and thirst throughout the day. 

They have excellent rooms that are modern and stylish to make guests feel at home away from home.

The usual price for JPark’s room is not less than P 10, 000. However, there are instances they have special promo that offers room for just P 2,000…You better look out for this kind of deal.

Conclusion
Resorts in Cebu present the best beaches, accommodation, amenities and services. Being in any of these best resorts in Cebu guarantees relaxation and fun. 

So, if you are up for staycation or having your tan, book to Cebu’s top resort. To help you with your traveling needs in Cebu, you can book with Travel Cebu! Lastly, you can also check the top tourist destination in Cebu.